Fix in-page links and shorten headings (#25438)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/file_and_directory_entries_api/introduction/index.md

## Big concepts

Before using the _File and Directory Entries API_, you must understand a few concepts.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Before you start using the File and Directory Entries API, you need to understand a few concepts:

Reviewer: To match the removal of the pseudo-table of content.
```suggestion
Before using the _File and Directory Entries API_, you must understand a few concepts.
```

> - [Virtualized file system](#virtualized_file_system)
> - [Different storage types](#different_storage_types)
> - [Storage quotas](#storage_quotas)
> - [Asynchronous and synchronous versions](#asynchronous_and_synchronous_versions)
> - [Using the error callbacks for asynchronous API](#using_the_error_callbacks_for_asynchronous_api)
> - [Interacting with other APIs](#interacting_with_other_apis)
> - [Case-sensitive](#case-sensitive)

Reviewer: This is a kind of summary, so not needed.
```suggestion
```

- Web Workers (for the synchronous version of the File and Directory Entries API)
- The `input` element (to programmatically obtain a list of files from the element)

### Case-sensitive

The filesystem API is case-sensitive, and case-preserving.

## Restrictions

For security reasons, browsers impose restrictions on file access. If you ignore them, you will get security errors.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Web Workers (for the synchronous version of the File and Directory Entries API)
- The `input` element (to programmatically obtain a list of files from the element)

### Case-sensitive

The filesystem API is case-sensitive, and case-preserving.

## Restrictions

For security reasons, browsers impose restrictions on file access. If you ignore them, you will get security errors.

> - [Adhering to the same-origin policy](#adhering_to_the_same-origin_policy)
> - [Unable to create and rename executable files](#unable_to_create_and_rename_executable_files)
> - [Sandboxed file system](#sandboxed_file_system)
> - [You cannot run your app from file://](#you_cannot_run_your_app_from_file)

Reviewer: Removing pseudo-toc
```suggestion
```
